Adds warning that these two features do not work in conjunction (#585)
dnsimple/dnsimple-support: content/articles/dnssec.markdown

This article describes a feature only available on [newer plans](/articles/new-plans#newer-plans-only).
</info>

<warning>

>   You cannot enable DNSSEC if you have set up [Secondary DNS enabled](/articles/secondary-dns), as they will not work in conjunction. Please ensure that you are not currently using Secondary DNS, or have this feature disabled before using DNSSEC.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  You cannot enable DNSSEC if you have set up [Secondary DNS enabled](/articles/secondary-dns), as they will not work in conjunction. Please ensure that you are not currently using Secondary DNS, or disable Secondary DNS before using DNSSEC.
```
